[ Music ]
>> Mike Adams: Welcome
to Secrets
to Health with Mike and Ed.
I'm Mike Adams with
Natural News.
>> Dr. Edward Group:
And I'm Dr. Ed Group
with Global Healing Center.
>> Mike: And today's
episode on Gaiam TV is
about toxic EMF's exposed.
And what are EMF's?
Well, electromagnetic pollution,
sometimes called
electropollution or electrosmog.
Ed, give us a little overview
of what we're going to go into.
>> Dr. Group: Or
electromagnetic frequency.
I mean, basically Mike, this is
an unknown killer that's been
going on for a long time.
I mean, this has to do with
the unseen magnetic electrical
charges that are radiating
all over the earth right now.
And believe it or not,
most people don't know
how dangerous these things
really are.
We're talking cell phones,
we're talking cell phone towers,
you know, geopathic stress
that comes from the earth.
Normal things that you find
around your house, computers,
everything else, all these
things create a disturbance
within the body that
can be toxic,
that can be cancer-causing,
that can affect our brainwaves,
they can cause brain cancer,
they can cause immune--
auto-immune disease, that
can cause thyroid damage,
the list goes on and on and one.
>> Mike: And we're going
to demonstrate some
of these right here
using EMF meters.
Now I've got one meter that
goes up to 20 milligauss
and Ed's got a tri-field
that goes up to 100.
>> Dr. Group: Harmful
electromagnetic frequencies are
measured in milligauss.
According to most
governments, the EPA and the UK,
anything under 2 milligauss
is considered safe,
anything under 2 milligauss.
You know, if you fly on
an airplane actually,
you're exposed to 50
milligauss the whole time you're
on the airplane.
>> Mike: Wow.
>> Dr. Group: So that
means that anything
over 2 milligauss can
cause cellular damage
and it can actually alter the
water structure in your body
because these things can
penetrate, Mike, 6 to 8 inches
into the body, especially
with children depending
on where it's located and
what your exposure point is.
>> Mike: Yeah, it's a field,
it's an electromagnetic field
so your body doesn't
necessarily block it.
You're not an EMF shield.
I mean, some of your
tissues can redirect it
because they have
their own grounding
or electromagnetic properties.
But like you said, it
can penetrate your body.
But let's go in and show,
let's demonstrate
some of these things.
Let's start with the
toaster because that's one
of the lower radiations
or EMF sources.
Oh, and by the way, I want
to clarify with the viewers,
we're not talking about ionizing
radiation such as gamma waves
that you might get from depleted
uranium or nuclear power plants.
So this is not the
Fukushima episode.
This is about electromagnetic
radiation or fields that are all
over your house, just coming out
of the circuit box in your home,
they exist in your car, if
you're using a computer,
you're bathing your
body in these EMF's,
if you're using a
cell phone and so on.
So that's what we're
talking about.
It's not ionizing
radiation like you might get
from a decaying element
of uranium or something.
>> Dr. Group: Right,
and you know what,
just to let everybody
know, we are exposed
to 100 million times the
amount of electropollution
than our grandparents were.
>> Mike: Wow.
>> Dr. Group: So in that short
amount of time, just within 60
to 80 years, we're exposed
to 100 million times
more radiation.
>> Mike: And yeah,
think about it.
Before the era of electricity
people had virtually no exposure
to EMFs and I think most people
were a lot healthier back then,
but let's get right to it.
So what we're going to
show you here first,
I'm turning on this meter
and bring up the trifield.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah,
this meter goes
to 100 milligauss right here.
Mike's only goes to 20.
>> Mike: So as I activate
this common household toaster,
watch what happens
to these readings.
Now we have-- right here.
Yeah, it's on.
>> Dr. Group: Okay.
>> Mike: It depends
on the angle,
but let me hold everything up.
You can see here
that we're up to red
on this chart and
what about yours?
>> Dr. Group: And on this
it's off the charts actually.
I don't even know what the
rating is because it's past 100,
but let's see because you know,
obviously when you're, you know,
toasting things you're not going
to be having the toaster
right next to your head.
>> Mike: I'm toasting
my face right now.
>> Dr. Group: Right now
I'm coming-- let's see.
Put it right there.
>> Mike: I got turned off.
It's starting to get crazy.
>> Dr. Group: Okay, well anyway.
You might be exposed to up
to 100 to 200 milligauss
up to three feet
away from a toaster.
>> Mike: All right.
Let's get the toaster
out of here.
Just remember that when you
eat-- toast bread in the morning
or whatever, you're bathing
your food in the EMFs
but most importantly your body.
But now let's try
something really simple
like a pair of clippers.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah.
That-- well normally
people use electric shavers.
You know, women and men
use electric shavers.
And the thing about this is,
I'll let Mike turn this on
and we'll take a reading first.
>> Mike: All right.
Hold them up.
Ready?
>> Dr. Group: Off the charts.
I mean, this is just all the
way to the other side and look,
I'm going to back
up a little bit.
Right now we're about--
I'm about 2 feet away
and I'm showing a reading
of 10 milligauss right there.
>> Mike: Wow.
>> Dr. Group: Now, just
think of the damaging effects
that would have if you're
putting it right on your skin
or right on your face?
As a matter of fact--
>> Mike: Sorry to interrupt Ed,
but I noticed you're getting a
reading when this is off just
from all the lights
in the studio.
>> Dr. Group: You know what?
I am getting a reading.
>> Mike: You're getting like up
to 10 and this is showing 1.5
and you're getting up to
10 with nothing on here.
>> Dr. Group: We're
actually bathing ourselves
in electromagnetic
radiation right now
to bring you this
shocking information.
>> Mike: That's true.
Now let's go to the next item
that we know is a
big score here.
>> Dr. Group: We will teach
you how to detox yourself
from this later on by the way.
>> Mike: Exactly, solutions
are coming so stay tuned.
The can opener, where do you
think the can opener's going
to fall on this spectrum?
Take a guess>
>> Dr. Group: You know,
I know because I've already
tested all of this stuff.
The can opener is one
of the strongest electromagnetic
producing household items behind
the cordless phone, which
we don't have here today,
but actually the cordless
phone base emits super strong
frequencies, up to 200
hertz, that are damaging
to anybody in the house.
If you have a cordless phone,
make sure you get rid
of it immediately.
But the bedroom by the way and
the kitchen are the main things
that people want to look
out for because the bedroom
and the kitchen are where
the most electronics are
that are the most damaging.
>> Mike: Just a correction
though, you said,
I think you meant megahertz.
>> Dr. Group: Megahertz, yes.
>> Mike: Yeah, or gigahertz.
>> Dr. Group: Exactly,
megahertz.
>> Mike: I think some of the
newer phones are offering what,
9.6 gigahertz, is that right?
>> Dr. Group: Yes, gigahertz.
>> Mike: Somewhere
in that range.
Yeah.
>> Dr. Group: Those are
radio frequency waves.
>> Mike: Exactly.
Exactly. So I'll hold up the
can opener and let's hold
up the meters and
do a test on this.
You ready?
>> Dr. Group: I'm ready.
>> Mike: All right.
Here we go.
Watch. And we have pegged to the
red very far away, 3 feet away,
4 feet away, 5 feet,
still over what--
>> Dr. Group: It's still
over 80, about 50 actually,
there goes 50 right there.
>> Mike: So as you can see, you
know, when I turn it on its red,
when I turn it off it goes--
it stops and goes down.
That's because can openers
are very powerful motors
that are not shielded,
so there's no--
I mean, they could
build a shield in here,
like a copper mesh or something,
a faraday cage inside the can
opener that could shield you,
but they don't because
that would add cost.
So inside this device, it's
actually not just a can opener,
it's an EMF generator.
>> Dr. Group: Yes, and whenever
you have, like, EMF generation
and radio hertz frequencies and
gigahertz all coming together,
all that is penetrating through
this system and the amount
of cell phone towers out there
has just created a blanket
of this stuff all
around the air.
It doesn't only harm us either,
it harms the environment
as well.
>> Mike: Yeah, that's
exactly right,
and you know what's interesting,
if you've ever studied
earthquake theory you know how
earthquake waves, they bounce
off of some geological features
and when they collide, when
the waves collide you get these
incredible peaks that
can destroy buildings
in isolation while all the
buildings around them are fine.
Well, the same thing happens
with EMF and radio waves.
So like you said Ed, you've got
all these radio waves coming
in at different frequencies,
different intensities of energy.
Sometimes at a microscopic
level, at the cellular level,
you can have DNA
destruction isolated
in specific cells that's
not happening around it
because of the collision, you
know, it's classic wave theory.
The cumulative effect of
the waves can do things
that one wave or one field by
itself would not accomplish.
That's basic physics and
it's happening in our bodies
and around our bodies
every single day thanks
to all of these electronics.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah, you know,
Mossoro Moto, who did research
on water and you know,
we really have to look
at how it affects the
water in our system
because the water is the major
communicator and that's--
if the water is clean,
everything else usually
is clean.
And when he did research
and looked at water
under electromagnetic
or harmful radiation
through electropollution,
he found that the
water could not form
into a six-sided
crystal and we need water
in six-sided structure in order
for us to function properly.
So he actually said that
electromagnetic pollution,
or electropollution, is
the most damaging thing
on the body system.
>> Mike: Well it's why, and
we'll get to more demos here
in a second folks, but it's why
when you go out into nature,
you know, you're far from the
city, you're in a sleeping bag
under the stars in a rural park
somewhere, a national park,
you feel calm, you
feel regenerated.
Why is that?
It's not just the nature,
although that helps,
it's also the absence
of the electromagnetic
noise that's creating stress
and inflammation and chaos
throughout your body.
>> Dr. Group: It really,
really causes stress.
I mean, that's one of
the biggest things.
It causes anxiety, stress,
emotional disorders,
causes brain fog and
it initiates, you know,
pretty much every disease.
It's one of those
factors anyway.
>> Mike: Now a lot of people
induce electromagnetic field
fluctuations in their
brains unknowingly
and they're doing it
through a hair dryer.
Let's test that next.
>> Dr. Group: That's right.
How many people and how long
does it take to dry hair?
It takes a good amount of time.
So let's turn that one.
>> Mike: We can't--
we can't hear.
>> Dr. Group: Well I'll turn it
off and you can see that it pegs
out at over 100, and when
you're putting this right
up to the brain and right along
the hair, you're going to see,
and people are seeing actually,
increases in the cancer
of the bones, neuromas,
auditory cancer,
in the ear from people holding
their cell phone up there
and just general
brain conditions
that are being caused
by electropollution.
>> Mike: Right, and the thing
about this folks, I know a lot
of you may drive electric
vehicles and, you know,
from one angle it's great
for the environment.
I love the technology, but
it also means you're sitting
in what is essentially a cage
with four powerful motors,
one for each wheel
that's powering that car.
You're using electric motors
and batters instead of gasoline.
Well, you are putting
yourself in an EMF field
that is many times stronger,
like orders of magnitude
stronger than what you would get
in an ordinary gasoline
powered vehicle.
So these are some of the
things you got to think
about as we move
technology forward.
A lot of people with solar
panels, they have inverters.
The inverters emit
powerful EMF fields.
>> Dr. Group: Exactly, exactly.
And even people living
by power lines, I mean,
if you live within 100 meters or
so of a power line you're going
to be chronically exposed
to over 2 milligauss
of electromagnetic pollution.
I mean, there was a girl that we
talked to that switched rooms,
she was 7 years old and her
parents, she wanted to move
to another room in the house.
Well the parents moved
her to another room
and there was electric
outlets and pushed her bed
up against the wall and in
her bed she had a mattress
and box spring, especially
the box spring,
that had all the wires in it.
And that will act
as a conductor.
It was picking up the electrical
pollution from the walls
and going right up through.
The girl had insomnia, she
had mood swings in school,
she had unexpected anger,
she started having allergies,
all these conditions within a
week of switching to that room.
When the parents found out,
they moved the bed away one foot
from the wall, got rid of
the box spring with all
of the harmful, you know,
wires and everything in it,
and then she started
feeling better.
All of her symptoms went away.
And women, if you're wearing
bras with wires in them,
that is an antennae that can put
that electromagnetic radiation
right into your breast tissue
and breast tissue is
still on the rise,
and we're not even talking about
mammograms, we're not talking
about x-rays, we're
not talking about any
of that stuff either
that's damaging.
>> Mike: That's a
really good point.
Every long wire or
cable or piece of metal
through a process called
induction, you know,
EMF fields can-- are
then magnified and turned
into voltage in those wires
which I'm glad you
mentioned that.
>> Mike: It's true
around all electronics.
But let's show people
something else.
Right here I'm going
to show you,
this is just a simple
battery charger changing a
9-volt battery.
It's off right now,
but we're going to turn
on this power strip and show
you how much EMF is coming off
of just a little
battery charger.
Ready?
>> Dr. Group: Ready.
>> Mike: There we go.
>> Dr. Group: Wow.
>> Mike: Pegged.
More than 100, right?
>> Dr. Group: More than 100.
>> Mike: And how
far away does it--
>> Dr. Group: Well right now
I'm about a foot away and it's
about 15, which is still
extremely toxic levels.
I'm going to come back here
and then we're right back
at about the 10 just
because we're--
with all the lighting
that we're exposed to.
>> Mike: Yup.
So even something that
looks small and innocent
like a little battery
charger, even something
that doesn't make noise like the
can opener did or a hair dryer.
>> Dr. Group: Or the power
pack, I mean the, you know,
the actual plug in unit itself.
>> Mike: Exactly, any time
there's electricity flowing
through circuits, there is
some level of EMF generated.
That's laws of physics, right.
So be careful folks.
Check out your situation.
You might have a power
strip by your floor,
you might have a computer
that's close to your head.
A lot of people will
show us a little bit,
a lot of people have a blender
base that's actually fixated
near their pelvic region
because that's the height
of the countertop.
So they're blending and they're
bathing all their reproductive
organs, their testes, their
ovaries, everything, you know,
the eggs, everything
that's crucial
to maintain genetic
integrity, they're bathing all
of that in EMFs by blending.
Now a lot of people don't
think about that, Ed.
>> Dr. Group: No they don't
and I mean, I see women walking
around all the time with
their cell phones stuck right
in their bra, Mike.
>> Mike: Maybe you shouldn't
go to that club anymore, Ed.
>> Dr. Group: But
look, I mean I've had--
>> Mike: Sorry.
>> Dr. Group: I've had people
with foot pain, believe it
or not, plantar fascitis
that are--
their foot is right next to
this underneath their desk.
>> Mike: It makes total sense.
So I'll tell you what, let's
get some more props up here
and show people more
demonstrations.
All right, so we want to show
you some more common household
appliances and the
EMFs that they produce.
So we have a $49 microwave
from Wal-Mart which pained me
to purchase it because
I know where it's made,
but nevertheless, we
had to show people this.
So we've got a blender, we
also have a smart meter,
we'll talk about
that in a minute,
we have some compact florescent
lights and an electric blanket.
So let's just go through these.
>> Dr. Group: All right.
Let's start with the
microwave I guess.
I mean, this is something
that everybody uses
multiple times a day
and I think Mike would agree
with me that it's something
that we want to make sure
that people stop using.
>> Mike: Okay, in the
back here it's pegging it.
What do you get?
>> Dr. Group: I've
got over 100, Mike,
and I know that these microwaves
go way over the 200 range.
>> Mike: And this is, I think,
nailing my chest right now
so I'm going to stop it.
Yup, the radiation stopped.
>> Dr. Group: It sure does.
It goes back to zero.
>> Mike: So microwave
manufacturers say
that their products
are shielded.
Well, they are shielded
for some frequencies.
So you're not going to get the
microwaves coming out the front
that are used to heat the food,
but you're getting other
frequencies out the back,
out the sides and even
some out the front as well.
So it's not really shielded in
the way that you might think.
Microwaves emit a lot of EMF.
>> Dr. Group: They
do, and not only that
but they microwave the
food and the beverages
that people put in them.
I mean it's something I would
highly recommend everybody gets
rid of.
In fact, the Russians in 1975
put out a worldwide warming
that ever country
should ban microwaves
and they actually banned them.
>> Mike: Wow.
Well one thing that I
know about microwaves,
I don't use them but-- well,
except on sets like this,
but I know that if you take raw
broccoli and you microwave it,
it destroys up to 98 percent
of the natural nutrition
of the broccoli.
Think about it.
The phytonutrients that
are preventing disease,
they're very fragile.
They're fragile molecules
that can be destroyed
by microwaves very easily,
so one more reason
not to use microwaves.
>> Dr. Group: Absolutely,
absolutely.
>> Mike: Let's set
that to the side here.
>> Dr. Group: Well Mike,
we might as well talk
about a blender right now, which
you were talking about before.
>> Mike: Yes, the crotch
or radiator machine,
also called a blender.
No seriously, you've
got reproductive organs
in the pelvic region and if
you want to radiate them,
this is the machine to do it,
but most of us want to protect
or health, especially young
people that are trying
to have children, you
know, trying to reproduce,
have healthy babies, you might
want to think twice about this.
Now the problem though is
that blenders can be so useful
in generating healthy
foods, smoothies, you know,
I'm drinking a smoothie
here today on the set.
You drink smoothies
all the time.
>> Dr. Group: Absolutely.
>> Mike: So we use blenders
all the time to stay healthy.
>> Dr. Group: Yes.
>> Mike: But you might want to
keep your distance, you know,
blend and stay back
a little bit.
So let's check out
the power, ready?
>> Dr. Group: I'm ready.
>> Mike: All right.
I'm just pulsing it now.
And that's going to
show way out here.
I don't even start-- yup.
So you have to go, it looks
like about two or more feet away
to significantly reduce your
exposure to blender motors.
>> Dr. Group: I'd say
about three feet for sure.
>> Mike: Yeah.
>> Dr. Group: It's something
that everybody should just
be aware of in their kitchen
and just know that
these, you know,
it's all about avoiding
these things, Mike, you know.
It's about protecting your
family and if you know about it,
you can still just it but
just try to avoid it or know
that you need to
stand back from it.
>> Mike: Now part of the
formula for pollution is
of course the duration
of exposure.
It's the intensity of the
waves, but also the duration.
So the good news
with blenders is
that even though
they're very intense,
your time of exposure is
normally quite limited.
But hair dryers are the
other end of that spectrum,
high intensity and long
duration typically.
>> Dr. Group: Yes.
Yes.
>> Mike: All right.
So let's go to the
electric blanket.
>> Dr. Group: Okay.
>> Mike: And see how that
looks because people put
that on their bodies
for long durations.
>> Dr. Group: Now this is
something that's very serious
because people have--
it has been shown that women
have had miscarriages, they've--
this-- electric blankets
have affected fetuses
because women put these electric
blankets, believe it or not,
Mike, over their stomach
when they're pregnant,
and another thing is waterbeds.
I don't know if there's as
many waterbeds around nowadays,
but waterbeds actually have
heating elements in them
and if you're sleeping on a
waterbed with heating elements,
you're exposing yourself
all night long
to harmful electromagnetic
frequencies.
>> Mike: All right.
So go ahead and hold up the
meter and let me turn this
on once we get the meters going.
Ready?
>> Dr. Group: Ready.
>> Mike: All right.
We're on. I'm showing
about-- looks like 5 to 10.
>> Dr. Group: I'm
showing about 50.
>> Mike: Wow, you're
on the side.
The position makes a lot of
difference depending on--
oh now I'm showing over 20.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah.
>> Mike: Right here.
So you see, as you move
it around you're going
to get different readings.
What does this mean in
terms of your health?
It means that different organs
of your body can be impacted
with more intensity
than other organs
or you might have
just patches of skin
that are showing
the effects of it
where other patches
are perfectly normal.
>> Dr. Group: We know
radiation causes cancer.
I mean, that's been proved.
So let's say you had
melanoma or you have some sort
of a skin cancer or something
that's about to erupt
into a skin cancer and
then you're sitting there
with a heating blanket
right over that skin.
What do you think's
going to happen?
It's going to alter
those cells and change
into a possible cancerous cell.
>> Mike: Exactly.
Now I know some of you watching
may think well, wait a minute.
I don't think an electric
blanket is going to kill me
and actually we're not
saying that either.
But when you put together
the cumulative burden,
think about it.
You've got toxic pesticides
in the environment,
you've got toxic medications,
you've got the toxic effects
of the adjuvants in vaccines
that are affecting
the nervous system,
you've got toxic food additives,
you know, household chemicals,
formaldehyde, glues
and carpeting,
all these things plus EMFs.
This is the point that we're
not living in an experiment
where there's one
isolated variable.
You have, like, 100 thousand
variables, 100 thousand burdens
and this might be the EMF straw
that breaks the camel's back
in terms of your own
health or immune function
or cognitive function
or all of these things.
That's the point, Ed,
is that there's so many
of these things and they add up.
>> Dr. Group: Mike, let
me tell you something
that most people
don't know about,
and that's florescent lighting.
I mean, we are starting
to see companies having
a decreased work load,
migraine headaches.
We know for a fact now
that florescent lighting,
which most workers are
under florescent
lighting all day long,
and florescent lighting is
another big EMF producing factor
that people are exposed to
all day at their businesses.
>> Mike: And we're
exposed to it right now.
Our set is being lit
with florescent lights.
We're exposed to it right now.
And by the way, from
Ed and myself,
this is not our normal
lifestyle, you know,
we're not indoor type of
people, we're out in nature,
we're doing smoothies a
lot but we're coming here
to show you these things.
We're actually put our self in
harm's way in some, you know,
at some level in order
to show you these things
so that you can avoid them.
But let's get right to
the florescent light.
As I turn this light on, watch
what happens to the meters.
>> Dr. Group: So my meter is
reading about 35 milligauss.
>> Mike: And do you
have it on magnetic?
>> Dr. Group: I do
have it on magnetic.
>> Mike: All right.
>> Dr. Group: Now if I switch it
to electrical, it's
off the chart.
>> Mike: There you go.
>> Dr. Group: See, if I
get close it goes over 100,
which is electrical pollution.
>> Mike: Now mine's not showing
anything on the florescent light
because this has a
different sensitivity.
>> Dr. Group: That
is an EMF meter.
>> Mike: Yup.
>> Dr. Group: And so
I'm showing over 100,
and these lights are
extremely dangerous anyway
because they contain mercury.
>> Mike: So there you go,
just two common compact
florescent lights.
Now what's really interesting
is there's a national policy
for energy conservation
that says everybody should be
buying these lights instead
of the old style
incandescent light bulbs.
Well guess what?
Both incandescent and compact
florescent produce EMFs
but only the compact florescents
contain mercury vapor so that
if you break them, you
are exposed to mercury,
probably the most
toxic heavy metal known
in the entire table of elements.
>> Dr. Group: Absolutely.
>> Mike: So what are
some of the solutions
to this that you've found?
I mean obviously replacing
your lighting with LEDs.
I mean that's something
I recommend.
>> Dr. Group: Definitely.
And that's-- I've done
that in my offices
and I've seen a dramatic
improvement with workers from,
you know, we only had
florescent in there for a month
when I moved my locations
because I had to order the LEDs
and everything and it's fairly
expensive, but after we put
in LEDs in our office
I saw jut a major shift
in not only complaints about
headaches and everything
but also just general
well-being.
>> Mike: Even behavioral shifts
I've seen in some studies.
But in terms of solutions,
let's also make sure we cover
smart meters because a lot
of people are concerned
about smart meters.
It is true that they emit-- they
broadcast, they both receive
and broadcast information.
That's the whole point
of these systems is
to wirelessly broadcast your
electrical usage profile.
They're actually
profiling your house.
>> Dr. Group: They can actually
read exactly how much time you
spend washing clothes, how
much time you spend working
on the computer.
>> Mike: On TV.
>> Dr. Group: They just watch
every single thing that you do
through those smart meters.
I mean these things
are scary, folks.
And not only that,
these are on the outside
of usually somebody's bedroom
and people are complaining
about a host of symptoms
because of these.
>> Mike: Well the thing I don't
like about them is they can
turn off your electricity--
>> Dr. Group: I know.
>> Mike: Just during
peak hours or something,
they just turn it off
instead of asking people
to voluntarily use
less electricity,
they just turn it off.
So now all of the sudden you
don't really have electrical
freedom anymore, you are at
the mercy of the power company
which we've seen with Enron
in the past, we've seen a lot
of corruption, a
lot of criminality,
a lot of price fixing, you know,
people went to jail over that
from controlling your power and
now they have this technology
to put your power-- to
put a power control module
on every home.
We ought to do a show, Ed,
just about smart meters.
>> Dr. Group: And the thing is,
they didn't even ask you or come
to you and say hey, can we
install this transmitter
like a mini cell phone tower
right on the side of your house.
>> Mike: No.
>> Dr. Group: They're doing it.
No, they're forcing you
to do it, yeah, you know.
>> Mike: So but to get to
your point of solutions,
the number one solution is
obviously to avoid exposure.
That can be done in
a couple of ways.
Number one, use fewer
electric devices.
For example, the can opener, you
could use a manual can opener.
It's not that difficult
to open a can, folks.
Do you really need a
electric can opener?
You know, you could even
exercise your hands a little bit
by opening cans when you
need to, but you don't
like eating out of cans I know.
>> Dr. Group: No, I don't.
For one thing, we
didn't even talk
about really is cell phones.
If I was to pick one
of the solutions,
I would say do not hold a cell
phone up to your head at all
because you're constantly going
to be exposed to anywhere from 2
to 5 milligauss and you know
what, children as early as 7
and 8 years old now
is the average
when a child gets a
cell phone is at 7.
>> Mike: I'm sorry.
I got a call.
Just one second.
Yeah, I'm on the set.
No, but you're right.
You're right.
>> Dr. Group: No, but brain
cancer, a child skull,
a cell phone will penetrate 6
to 8 inches into their skull,
only 2 to 3 inches
in an adult skull.
So a solution is, you know, you
might, we were looking online.
I mean there are a lot
of people out there
that have radiation protectors,
cell phone protectors,
there's even-- we found even
smart meter protectors online.
We weren't able to
verify any of that,
but we still highly recommend
that you go online and look
around and see and see what you
can find to protect yourself
from some of these
electromagnetic forces
that are out there.
>> Mike: I'm going to send
you a text and I want people
to watch this burst
as we send the text.
>> Dr. Group: Okay, well
I don't have my cell phone
with me, Mike.
>> Mike: But I'm
broadcasting the text here
and as it sends, watch it spike.
There it goes.
Broadcasting the text,
the meter is spiking
as the text gets broadcast.
And if I were to make a call,
it would stay sustained
broadcast mode so.
>> Dr. Group: Talking about
solutions, the main problem
that happens in the brain
from electromagnetic pollution
is it shuts off the brain's
ability to produce melatonin.
Melatonin is the hormone
that actually repairs
your brain cells.
So if you're having brain
fog, I mean if you're exposed
to electromagnetic
frequencies or radiation,
I mean honestly Mike, everybody
I think should be on melatonin.
>> Mike: Yeah.
It's important to sleep to.
>> Dr. Group: I mean
considering the fact
that they have cell phones.
>> Mike: Well let's talk
about avoidance a little more
in the last few minutes
we have remaining here.
In addition to using
non-electric devices,
you can also reduce
your time of exposure,
you can also increase
your distance
from these products and devices.
Literally keep your
distance from them,
don't put devices hear
your head, hear your body,
at your desk, in your bed, at
your work, office locations.
>> Dr. Group: Bed
is very important.
Anybody who has a clock radio
next to their bed, move it away.
Do not sleep with your
cell phone in the bed.
Do not sleep, I've had
people that have slept
with their laptop
plugged in in their bed.
They work on their laptop at
night and then go to sleep.
So try to avoid all of that and
just turn off your power strips.
I mean, shut everything
down is another solution.
>> Mike: The less electricity
that's around you, the--
really the calmer you're going
to be and the lower your level
of being infected or altered
with electromagnetic radiation.
So thanks for watching
Secrets to Health.
I'm Mike Adams with
Natural News.
>> Dr. Group: And I'm Dr. Group
with Global Healing Center.
>> Mike: I hope you
enjoyed this show.
Check out more of our
episodes on Gaiam TV
at secretstohealth.tv.
In the meantime, keep your
distance from all the EMFs
and you'll improve your
health as a result.
>> Dr. Group: See ya next time.
[ Music ]